docs: add more compatibility info about style (#50517)
ant-design/ant-design: docs/react/compatible-style.en-US.md

title: CSS Compatible
---

### Default Style Compatibility

> Ant Design supports the [last 2 versions of modern browsers](https://browsersl.ist/#q=%3E+0.5%25%2C+last+2+versions%2C+Firefox+ESR%2C+not+dead%0A). If you need to be compatible with legacy browsers, please perform downgrade processing according to actual needs:

Author: ```suggestion
Ant Design supports the [last 2 versions of modern browsers](https://browsersl.ist/#q=defaults). If you need to be compatible with legacy browsers, please perform downgrade processing according to actual needs:
```

> Ant Design supports the last 2 versions of modern browsers. If you need to be compatible with legacy browsers, please perform downgrade processing according to actual needs:

Author: ```suggestion
Ant Design supports the [last 2 versions of modern browsers](https://browsersl.ist/#q=%3E+0.5%25%2C+last+2+versions%2C+Firefox+ESR%2C+not+dead%0A). If you need to be compatible with legacy browsers, please perform downgrade processing according to actual needs:
```
